1319382416
Application	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateEvents	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/db/migrate/20111022214922_create_events.rb	class CreateEvents 
CreatePromotions	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/db/migrate/20111022214408_create_promotions.rb	class CreatePromotions 
CreateVenues	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/db/migrate/20111022205316_create_venues.rb	class CreateVenues 
Dewey	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/config/application.rb	module Dewey
Event	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/models/event.rb	class Event 
EventTest	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/test/unit/event_test.rb	class EventTest 
EventsController	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	class EventsController 
EventsControllerTest	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/test/functional/events_controller_test.rb	class EventsControllerTest 
EventsHelper	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/helpers/events_helper.rb	module EventsHelper
EventsHelperTest	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/test/unit/helpers/events_helper_test.rb	class EventsHelperTest 
Promotion	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/models/promotion.rb	class Promotion 
PromotionTest	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/test/unit/promotion_test.rb	class PromotionTest 
PromotionsController	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/promotions_controller.rb	class PromotionsController 
PromotionsControllerTest	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/test/functional/promotions_controller_test.rb	class PromotionsControllerTest 
PromotionsHelper	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/helpers/promotions_helper.rb	module PromotionsHelper
PromotionsHelperTest	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/test/unit/helpers/promotions_helper_test.rb	class PromotionsHelperTest 
TestCase	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
Venue	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/models/venue.rb	class Venue 
VenueTest	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/test/unit/venue_test.rb	class VenueTest 
VenuesController	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/venues_controller.rb	class VenuesController 
VenuesControllerTest	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/test/functional/venues_controller_test.rb	class VenuesControllerTest 
VenuesHelper	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/helpers/venues_helper.rb	module VenuesHelper
VenuesHelperTest	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/test/unit/helpers/venues_helper_test.rb	class VenuesHelperTest 
change	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/db/migrate/20111022205316_create_venues.rb	  def change
change	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/db/migrate/20111022214408_create_promotions.rb	  def change
change	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/db/migrate/20111022214922_create_events.rb	  def change
create	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/promotions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/venues_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/promotions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/venues_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/promotions_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/venues_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/promotions_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/venues_controller.rb	  def index
new	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/promotions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/venues_controller.rb	  def new
show	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/promotions_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/venues_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/events_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/promotions_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/jschank/Projects/Rails/dewey/app/controllers/venues_controller.rb	  def update
